https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIZw3hWlO9c


#intro
#this video is sponsored by squarespace
#we're back again i guess i shouldn't be
#too
#surprised that the most popular series
#on my channel turns out to be the thing
#that requires the least amount of real
#creative
#input look i get it it's the internet
#why wouldn't
#these kinds of videos be popular
#nevertheless i feel the need to remind
#you
#there are so many productive things you
#could be doing right now
#still here well all right then


the study of bodily tissue as it changes
over time from infectious disease
is called histopathology. 

the color orange is named after the fruit not the other way around.

it was 28 degrees fahrenheit in springfield missouri at 5 55 a.m on tuesday february 1st 2011.

the two best-selling authors of all time are william shakespeare and agatha christie with sales for each estimated between two and four billion books.

the inventor of the fire hydrant is unknown because the device's original patent was destroyed in a fire. 

tomatoes are the official state vegetable of new jersey.

tomato juice is the official state beverage of ohio.

actor kiefer sutherland's full name is
kiefer william
frederick dempsey george rufus sutherland. 

actor richard gere's middle name is tiffany. 

before the invention of alarm clocks there was a profession in which you would knock on windows with a long stick to wake people up these people were called "knocker uppers" and the people who woke them up were called "knocker upper knocker uppers".

the s in c.s. lewis stands for staple.

the s in ulysses s grant doesn't stand
for anything.

cuba and north korea are the only countries on the planet in which coca-cola is not officially sold.

the words aspirin cellophane escalator
flip phone laundromat linoleum and
trampoline were all originally
trademarked but have since become
generic terms.

rabbits cannot vomit.

april 11 1954 has been declared by some historians the most boring and uneventful day of the 20th century.

#NOT SUITABLE FOR THE BOT MAYBE
#
#as of april 11 2021 the studio that i work in
#has six active leaks smells like sewage
#and my landlord still doesn't care.
#


the current world record for longest duration juggling three objects is 12 hours and five minutes set by david slick at north richland hills public library in texas on july 22nd 2009.

the head of ig-88 the droid bounty hunter from the empire strikes back was made from a rolls-royce nene jet arrow engine combustion chamber.

charlie chaplin and dolly parton both entered look-alike
competitions of themselves and lost. 

metallica is the only band to have performed on all
seven continents which they did within the span of a single year.

jellied moose nose is a delicacy in parts of north america.

one of the ingredients of dynamite is peanuts.

honey does not spoil. 

40 is the only number with its letters in alphabetical order.

one is the only number with its letters in reverse alphabetical order.

every number shares a letter with its predecessor.

edgar allan poe was paid nine dollars for the raven.

the sixth word in the sixth chapter of
the sixth harry potter book
is of. 

the first on-screen appearance of the
character hannibal lecter was in michael
mann's 1986 film
man hunter lecter was spelled
l-e-c-k-t-o-r

for some reason from 1977 to 2011 the flag of libya was just solid green.

tim burton's the nightmare before christmas was not
directed by tim burton it was directed
by henry selick.

dactylography is the study of fingerprints.

the least common birthday after february 29th is december 25th.

ray tomlinson is credited to be the inventor of email and the use of the @ separator and sent the very first mail in history to himself.

all official casino poker chips weigh between eight and a half and ten grams.

the fear that a duck or goose is watching you is called anatodiphobia. 

the light on top of the capitol records building in hollywood blinks out hollywood in morse code.

a car crash in the james bond film casino royale accidentally set the guinness world record for most cannon rolls in a car.

sherlock holmes and john watson were originally named sharing ford hope and ormond sacker.


the director of weekend at bernie's was born on a tuesday.

car tires are actually white until manufacturers add carbon to
the rubber this increases tensile strength and turns the material black.

history tells us that napoleon
once arranged a rabbit hunt but when the
rabbits were released from their cages
they attacked him instead of running
away.

the bluetooth symbol is named after the viking king herald bluetooth.

the beatles tried to get a lord of the rings movie made starring paul as frodo ringo as sam george as gandalf and john as gollum they approached stanley kubrick to direct as you can imagine things did not pan out.

potatoes and bacon share a commonality in that
neither of them is a coconut.

a blot reduplication is the term for repeating a word with a different vowel to make a phrase like chit chat or ding dong.

ping pong sometimes called whiff waff. is the most popular indoor sport in the world king.

kong had his own animated series in the late 1960s.

bing bong the imaginary friend from pixar's inside out was designed to be a hybrid of a cat a dolphin and an elephant.

sing-song is the name of a 2017
musical from the netherlands.

tim tam is the name of a chocolate biscuit from australia.

flim flam is the title of a 1991 album by steve lacey and steve
potts.

crisscross released their first album in 1992.

tony tony toney's album sons of soul was
named rolling stone's second best album
of 1993.

swing swang swung the fourth studio
album by the christian rock band
guardian was released in 1994.

tick-tock is the sound a clock makes

tick-tock is the name of a robotic man
appearing in the 1985 film returned to
oz

tick tock is also an app that for the life of me i still can't quite figure out.

incidentally 2020 marked the first time that vinyl records outsold cds since the year 1986.

all british tanks designed after world war II include equipment to make tea.

tally marks are not the same across
cultures.

abraham lincoln named his fourth and
youngest son tad because he had a small body a large
head and wiggled like a tadpole 

isaac asimov is the only author to have
written books in nine of the 10 categories of the
dewey decimal system he did everything
but philosophy

technically speaking newborn babies
can't crywhile they may scream a bunch babies
cannot produce tears for anywhere from
two weeks to two months after birth

the atomic number of bismuth is 83.

if you rearrange the letters in the words
hypotenuse you can spell stewie phone
which you may have guessed is not a word.

charlie chaplin was the first actor
ever to appear in time magazine in case
you were wondering it was the 6th of
july 1925 issue

bats give birth upside down the mother
uses her wings to catch the baby during
delivery

the first jigsaw puzzles were called dissected
maps 

the empire state building has its
own zip code
10118 

i have it on good authority that
gerber's chicken baby food
is also a popular remedy for sick
ferrets


the seiko skx007 is one of the most iconic divers watches
in history comes in two varieties one made in china
the other made in japan the only real
difference is a small inscription at the bottom

cigarette butts make up more than one
third of all
litter on the planet they are not
biodegradable in fact
they are considered hazardous material
cities spend around three to 16 million
dollars on cigarette cleanup
every year


the following is a list of the top 20
baby names for american boys in the year
1952.
james robert john
michael david william
richard thomas charles
gary stephen joseph
larry donald ronald
kenneth mark dennis
paul and daniel 
for girls
linda mary patricia
dobra with an o 
susan
barbara nancy karen
deborah noah sandra
kathleen carol donna
sharon brenda diane
pamela cynthia janet
and christine 

the last state-sanctioned execution by
guillotine was on september 10 1977 in france 

three of akira
kurosawa's films are adaptations of
shakespeare plays
ran is king lear throne of blood is
macbeth
and the bad sleep well is hamlet

approximately six million americans
suffer from at least one broken bone
every year

the word pirates backwards is ceta rip
which also happens to be the name of an
edmonton based computer company that has
been operating since 2004 
it does not appear as if their
business's website has ever really been
set up
if the webmaster happens to be watching
this video for whatever reason i know
just the folks to help with that

donuts were originally called oily cakes
and writer washington irving is believed
to be the first writer to describe them
in print

mark twain's the adventures of tom
sawyer is the first book to be written
on a typewriter

james joyce wrote most of finnegan's
wake on cardboard with crayons 

the seventh oldest
video on youtube is vernal lullaby by
adam quirk

the world's longest bench is in geneva
switzerland and measures around 120
meters

there is no roman numeral for zero
because the ancient greeks didn't
actually consider it
a number 

only one-sixth of your eyeball
is visible

the sea lion was the first non-human
mammal with a proven ability to keep a
beat

in the early 1600s tulip flowers were
introduced into holland and were so popular that their bulbs
were often more valuable than
gold it sparked the first known
speculative economic bubble
in history tulip mania and the bubble
burst in 1637

the world record for running a half
marathon backwards
is one hour 40 minutes

september october
november and december used to be the 7th
8th
9th and 10th months which is why their
prefixes are the way they
are they were pushed back when july and
august were added to the calendar
in honor of julius and augustus caesar

the oldest active webcam in the world is the san
francisco fog
cam which has been running since 1994.

the first webcam ever used was at the
university of cambridge's computer lab
in 1991 for the noble purpose of letting folks
know if the coffee pot in the break
room was full or empty from 

1867 to 1920 the number of horses
rose from 7.8 million to 25 million
thanks to the invention of the
automobile 

the potato was the first graphic to ever appear on a
license plate starting in idaho during the year 1928.

every three days elevators carry the
equivalent of the entire planet's
population

on average you will spend two weeks of
your life tying your shoes 

if you perform eight
perfect shuffles in a row with a
standard deck of playing cards
the deck will return to its original
order

new zealand is the world's eighth hidden
continent
more than half of it is submerged

according to the university of vienna in
austria
almost all birds including crows geese
and swans have the cognitive power to
memorize people
their faces and their voices. so be kind
to them at the park 

the average lifespan of a mute swan is 15 to 20 years in the wild
and up to 40 years in protected habitat

nasa helmets feature velcro patches that
let astronauts
scratch their noses, velcro's design has
become
eight times stronger since its first
incarnation

the world's longest kiss lasted for 58
hours 35 minutes and 58 seconds

sixty percent of the human brain is made
up of fat 

chipotle starbucks and barnes and
noble
collected nearly 100 million dollars
last year from
unredeemed gift cards 

polar bears are left-handed

microwaves heat food by causing water
fat and sugar molecules to vibrate at
two and a half trillion times per second

bubble wrap was originally invented as a
wallpaper

green bay quarterback brett favre threw
16
interceptions in the 2002 nfl season

lemon trees can produce up to 600 pounds
of lemons
every year 

the cigarette lighter was
invented before the match

hair gel has been around for at least 3
500 years ancient egyptians used fat-based
concoctions to sculpt their styles way
before the arrival of more
modern hair products 

the amount of cardboard thrown away annually
is enough to heat 50 million houses for
the next
two decades 

the average strawberry has 200
seeds 

philip dial engineered the motor
used in the very first electric sewing
machines in 1882 he adapted this design to
produce the very first
electric ceiling fans 

the average price of a gallon of gas in the united states
midwest region on march 16 2009
was 1.81 

scotch tape was invented in 1930
by a banjo player 

the original publication run
of the nancy drew mystery series
consists
of 56 books i have taken the titles of
each of these books
and tracked how often particular letters
are used here are the results
the letter a is used 57 times
the letter b 18 times the letter c
50 times d 33
the letter e is used 199
times 
f 28
g 24 
h 108 
i 62
j 3 
k 13 
l 60 
m 39 
n 62 
o 77
p 25 
q 2 
r 70  
s80  
t 156
u 30 
v 6
w 17 
x 2 
the letter y is used 45 times
and the letter z is used zero

charade is a 1963 motion picture
starring cary grant and audrey hepburn
the tenth word spoken in the film is
loaded

most people lose about 30 percent of
their taste buds while flying in an
airplane

the longest cinematically released non-experimental film
is a 2019 bangladesh movie entitled the
innocence with a total run time of 1265
minutes or a little over
21 hours 

apple's original logo was an image of isaac newton
sitting under a tree

most modern dishwashers use only a tenth of the
water you use when washing dishes by
hand

a gallon of milk cost about 91 cents in
the year 1954.

78 of americans have at least one
cavity by age 17. 

the game of darts is believed to have originated sometime
during the 14th century to keep knights and soldiers
occupied when they weren't on the
battlefield originally they threw
arrowheads into the bottom of empty wine
barrels

the longest receipt ever printed was in
a struggling new york city grocery store
called hercules fancy grocery when a
group of artists found out that the
store
was about to lose its lease they
purchased every single item available
on shelves to the tune of about twenty
thousand dollars to fund an art exhibit
the receipt took a little over six
hours to print and it measured about 57
feet and 6
inches also it ended up hurting the
store rather than helping because the
business owners had to sink a ton of
money into restocking efforts to keep
the store afloat
the business is now closed 

john singer sergeant was born january 12
1856 and was considered the leading
portrait painter of his generation
he created over 2000 watercolors around
900 oil paintings and he also did
charcoal drawings and sketches
too he was fluent in english french
italian and german and if that were not
enough dude could grow a pretty mean mustache

asthma causes kids to miss more than 10
million school days every year

during world war ii
the us military designed grenades to
match the size and weight of a baseball
reckoning that any young american man
would be able to properly throw them

not to ruin every baseball movie
ever but mlb rule 7
subsection 5 says clearly that catching
a baseball with your hat
is against the rules if you do the
batter is awarded three bases

hey did you guys know that the acer
chromebook model 15 has a built-in touch
screen 

the average person will consume three
bottles of ketchup per year

according to customer surveys yellow was
the least popular color
for iphone 11. 


the kazoo was first produced in the usa
around 1852

lemurs have two tongues 

sheep have rectangular pupils which give them
around a 270 to 320 degree
field of view they can see pretty much
everything around them except for
anything
directly behind them this helps them to
avoid potential predators 

prosthetic eyes are typically called glass eyes but
nowadays they're mostly made of acrylic

the 99th digit of pie is seven 

the average response time for firefighters
in
ann arbor michigan at the start of 2018
was around 12
minutes which is close to double the
standard set forth by the national fire
protection association

the sixth paragraph in chapter 30 of
pride and prejudice begins with the
following sentence
"in this quiet way the first fortnight of
her visit soon passed away"

ham is the most common sandwich meat
followed by chicken and then
beef 

thomas austin no relation was an
english settler in australia
who many a tribute to the introduction
of rabbits to the continent
in 1859 

eye rolling has been present in literature
since at least the 16th century william
shakespeare would use it to portray lust
or passion for another character
yes during that time period eye-rolling
was used as a way to indicate flirting
it continued to be used that way in
literature for centuries
in fact it didn't really translate to a
negative connotation
until about the 1980s so
like whatever 

the shortest professional game of go
ending in resignation was played on
november 21 1996 at the 53rd japanese honinbo
preliminary the match only lasted for 20
moves

you burn about 50 calories an hour while
you sleep 

the average storm cloud weighs a little over 105
million pounds

the victoria falls waterfall in zimbabwe
is so loud that it can be heard from miles
away 

the u.s has never lost a war in which
mules were used
 
tony the tiger's
nose on frosted flakes cereal boxes
is a spoon headed toward the bowl

the cat held by marlon brando in the
opening scene of the godfather was a
stray that the director found on the lot
at paramount it wasn't in the script originally but they
thought it looked cool so they put it in
a movie the cat was so chill on set that it
purred the entire time
muffling a lot of brando's dialogue so
most of his lines in that scene
had to be looped in post-production 

the average woman in the netherlands
owns about six purses 

the 13th labor is one of the last remaining unsolved
perplex city puzzle cards you are more than
welcome to take a crack at solving it
because frankly i am all out of ideas

in 2016 kodak announced a new
super 8 camera intended to revive the
retro format by adding new features like
a digital viewfinder
audio recording and a robust
post-production ecosystem that would
make the film's development
easy and convenient the company promised
continual development
updates and the camera's release in 2018.
yet five years later despite numerous
sightings of the camera in the wild
kodak has never updated the public as to
the camera's status and in fact
scrubbed all evidence of the camera from
their website completely

garden path sentences are grammatically
correct sentences that start in a way so
the reader's initial interpretation will
likely be
incorrect forcing them to re-parse the
sentence until they get the true meaning

bram stoker's dracula was originally
published on may 26 1897 and consisted of 418
pages

the game boy micro had a screen
resolution of 240 by 160 pixels

tornadoes have touched down on every
continent
except antarctica 

banjo-kazooie for the nintendo 64 was the biggest and fastest
selling game
of 1998 

the mona lisa is currently
estimated to be worth about 2.7
billion dollars making it more valuable
than at least
13 different countries the artist
leonardo da vinci was left-handed

it's a common misconception that the
phillips head screwdriver
is named after its inventor it isn't
it's named after the man who owned the
company that purchased the design

domitian began his reign as the roman
emperor
in the year 81 a.d

the watermelon war occurred on the morning of april 15 1856 in panama city after an american took a slice of watermelon from a street vendor and refused to pay for it the resulting altercation sparked a massive riot resulting in the death of 15 americanstwo panamanians the destruction of several businesses and damage to the local railroad station

40% of teddy bear sales are for grown-ups 

the full name of the character dw in the children's show arthur is dora winifred reed

the fifth season of 24 begins at 7 am

there are 87 steps at the lincoln
memorial from the chamber to the
reflecting pool the number 87 or 4 score and 7
is a tribute to abraham lincoln's famous
gettysburg address 

the american school bus council
estimates that communities save around
7.7 billion dollars annually by using
school buses instead of private
transportation
when taking kids to class 

you cannot sneeze while in rem sleep 

the median household income
in topeka kansas was 35
928 in the year 2000.

according to the bureau of labor
statistics each year
more than 900 000 people visit the
emergency room
due to ladder related injuries at least
50 percent of which were due to
individuals carrying items while they
climbed

the first
computerized version of battleship was
designed in 1979
and was one of the first games scripted
for a computer

the game chinese checkers has very
little to do with
actual checkers and was invented by the
germans not the chinese

book thief stephen bloomberg stole over
23 000 rare books from 268 libraries experts believe the stolen
goods total upwards of 20 million
dollars 

a little over one and a half
billion smartphones were sold worldwide
in 2019.

a pound of corn consists of
approximately 1300 kernels

the first modern wind turbine was built
in vermont in the 1940s 

the average ink pen can write approximately 45 000
words 

the world record in cycling
backwards while playing a violin
is 37 and a half miles in five hours and
eight seconds

the mean half-life of caffeine in plasma of healthy individuals is about five hours 

owls are the only type of bird that can see the color blue 

#outro
#well here we are
#i hope you enjoyed it if you didn't
#remember you chose to click on this
#video
#you saw the title you did this
#not me hey want to build a website
#this video's sponsor squarespace is the
#all-in-one platform to make your online
#project a reality
#they make building a beautiful website
#easy start by selecting from one of
#their stunning templates
#and then customize it to your specific
#needs let's say you're an aspiring
#podcaster or
#videographer their video and audioblocks
#feature makes it easy to share your work
#build your own online community with
#their brand new member areas feature
#or set up shop with an online storefront
#you can try squarespace
#out for free at squarespace.com give it
#a shot
#if you like the experience then when
#you're ready to launch your site head
#over to squarespace.com
#austinmcconnell to get 10 off your first
#purchase of a website or
#domain
