Ghast noises originate from c418's cats, which he makes when disturbed while sleeping.
On planetminecraft.com the 10th most downloaded map of all time is hillside manor world in brackets 1.8 Four. year anniversary created by inhaze with over 700 000 downloads.
In Minecraft beta 1.14 the open inventory key was changed from being I to being E.
There are 15 different types of villager professions.
The regular walking speed in Minecraft is 4.3 blocks per second.
In the original version of the Minecraft Steve skin, Steve actually had a beard this was removed in the 0.24 Underscore survival underscore test version of Minecraft that was released on September the 1st 2009.
A melon block will always drop between three and seven slices.
A villager's forehead is five pixels high, meaning that a villager literally has a five-head.
The Minecraft credits roll for an incredibly interesting 27 minutes and 15 seconds.
Minecraft 1.13.2 was released on the 22nd of October 2018.
As of Minecraft snapshot 20 w45a, the longest item name is "waxed lightly weathered cut copper stairs".
When a puffer fish puffs up it expands to 0.7 blocks by 0.7 blocks, giving it a volume of 0.49 blocks.
The dead bush was introduced on May the 25th, 2011.
On the Reddit post what's your least favorite block in Minecraft, the top-voted comment was Diorite and that Comment was not made by accident.
The longest Minecraft username you can have is 16 characters.
If you change your language to pirates, the stone shovel becomes "Blackbeard spade" a piston becomes "a Raised deck" and chisel sandstone becomes "carved stone o´ sands".
There are 3 264 pixels on a Minecraft skin.
If you generate a new world with a bonus chest, there is a chest with up to 4 torches around it.
If the Minecraft Steve character model was a real person then his biceps would be 39.5 inches around which is ridiculous to put that in perspective Arnold had 22-inch biceps.
In the top left-hand corner of the f3 screen, you can see a two-digit number followed by the letters tx and this means the number of packets that have been sent by your Minecraft client.
The music disc cat has a run time of 3 minutes and five seconds and honestly I kind of wish it was longer.
You used to be able to take huge Minecraft screenshots that were the equivalent of a 645-megapixel photo which is frankly obscene.
Lady Agnes joined Mojang on August the 3rd, 2016.
The world seed that was used for the pack.png image is 325-784-038-850-495-3787 it was discovered by a huge team of people after being lost by the creator.
If you have 36 apples, and you have six meat sticks to fill up then you will be left with 33 apples.
The 47th item listed in the decoration block segment of the creative menu is the chorus flower.
A Redstone lamp has 30 different segments in total with five segments on every side.
It takes six blocks to craft four stairs. That means that each stair costs 1.5 blocks despite the fact that stairs are 0.75 blocks.
The title of the third category in the advancements window is husbandry.
There are 471 items in seven stacks and 23 items.
You cannot put a shulker box inside another shulker box, no matter how hard you try.
Setting the random tick speed to 421 makes bamboo grow incredibly quickly.
Before block IDs were phased out from the game, the block ID of iron ore was 15.
A Lilly pad's orientation is location-specific.
If you shoot an arrow directly upwards it won't always land on your head, but sometimes it does.
There is an unused potion effect called nausea.
Up until Minecraft snapshot 17w 43a, you could play Minecraft in 3d stereoscope.
The Minecraft username hello with seven o's after it is available right now, although I imagine it won't be for long.
There are four varieties of horse hurt sounds, but there is only one sound for a horse dying.
Three snow layers are 3/8 of a block tall.
Falling into the void even kills you in creative mode.
You can't see your own legs when playing in first-person mode.
Some flowers in Minecraft will always face east.
You can actually place Redstone components on the sides and on the top of pistons, but as soon as the piston extends they get broken.
It takes between five seconds and 45 seconds to catch a fish in Minecraft.
Contrary to what a lot of people seem to believe, you cannot actually push a barrel.
Making use of pistons, pumpkin pie has a 100 fill rate when it comes to composters.
That means every single time you put a pumpkin pie in there it is guaranteed to increase the level of the Composter whereas beetroot seeds only have a 30% chance of increasing the level.
It takes 81 pieces of regular ice to craft just one bit of blue ice.
If you want to make a tripwire then you can go into the inventory and search "tri" for tripwire, but it will also come up with string because of course "tri" features in the word string as well.
